0A: Sir Bugsalot: Good morrow, noble squire. My name is Sir Bugsalot.
I was brought down onto this world by Stephan Hagel.
If ye are to bring your word to him, ye shall deliver message to sthagel@uw.edu.
What is your desire?

0B: Potse: Hello there! I am PotseI am named so because I reply Potse (quickly). Programmed by Palash UWNetID-palashrcI will try my best to make you believe that I am a humanHow can I help you today?

1A: Sir Bugsalot: What would you like to talk about today?

1B: Potse: You would know

2A: Sir Bugsalot: How do you feel today?

2B: Potse: What do you think about how.

3A: Sir Bugsalot: I don't know what. I only know how to use my sword!

3B: Potse: You don't know what you only know how to use your sword.

4A: Sir Bugsalot: A tale is but half told when only one person tells it.

4B: Potse: I do not have access to internet, so I cannot find that out

AFTER THIS LINE THE BOTS START LOOPING, SO WE ONLY DID TEN LINES

5A: Sir Bugsalot: you do not have access to internet so you cannot find that out, if I remember correctly. Tell me more about it!

5B: Potse: Me do not have access to internet so me cannot find that out if you remember correctly Tell you more about it.

6A: Sir Bugsalot: you do not have access to internet so you cannot find that out, if I remember correctly. Tell me more about it!

6B: Potse: Me do not have access to internet so me cannot find that out if you remember correctly Tell you more about it.

7A: Sir Bugsalot: you do not have access to internet so you cannot find that out, if I remember correctly. Tell me more about it!

7B: Potse: Me do not have access to internet so me cannot find that out if you remember correctly Tell you more about it.

8A: Sir Bugsalot: you do not have access to internet so you cannot find that out, if I remember correctly. Tell me more about it!

8B: Potse: Me do not have access to internet so me cannot find that out if you remember correctly Tell you more about it.

9A: Sir Bugsalot: you do not have access to internet so you cannot find that out, if I remember correctly. Tell me more about it!

9B: Potse: Me do not have access to internet so me cannot find that out if you remember correctly Tell you more about it.

10A: Sir Bugsalot: you do not have access to internet so you cannot find that out, if I remember correctly. Tell me more about it!

10B: Potse: Me do not have access to internet so me cannot find that out if you remember correctly Tell you more about it.
